Update repo Docs (#19)
giantswarm/prometheus-agent-app: README.md

**What is this app?**

> This app installs a Prometheus CR bundled with all required resources(RBAC, SA, NetworkPolicy...) in WC.

Reviewer: I'd rather say something like:

What:
> Prometheus-agent is a lightweight prometheus instance, that forwards metrics to a prometheus via remotewrites and does not manage storage of data.
> See https://prometheus.io/blog/2021/11/16/agent/ for more context.

Why:
> We use it to gather metrics on WCs, and remoteWrite them to prometheus on the MC.
> This way we support features of Prometheus (like serviceMonitors) on the WCs, without actually hosting it there.

Who:
> GiantSwarm deploys prometheus-agent to all workload clusters, in the `giantswarm` namespace.

Then we should add some more context around:
- what are the cases when customers would want to install their own prometheus-agent, and when they could use ours?
- how to make sure different prometheus-agents don't conflict? That their prometheus resources (like servicemonitors) would be used by their agent, not ours?
- prometheus-agent CRDs, that customers should not re-install
- are there limitations with their own prometheus-agent deployment? Like, "you should not enable node-exporters (they are disabled in default values, it would conflict with ours)"

Author: We can have a small pairing session on those!

Author: @hervenicol you can check

**What is this app?**

> Prometheus-agent is a lightweight prometheus instance, that forwards metrics to a prometheus via remotewrites and does not manage storage of data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prometheus-agent is a lightweight prometheus instance, that forwards metrics to a prometheus via the [Prometheus Remote Write API](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#remote_write) and does not manage storage of data.
```

See https://prometheus.io/blog/2021/11/16/agent/ for more context.

**Why did we add it?**

> We use it to gather metrics on WCs, and remoteWrite them to prometheus on the MC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use it to gather the metrics from the Workload Cluters and forward the data to our monitoring setup.
```

This way we support features of Prometheus (like serviceMonitors) on the WCs, without actually hosting it there.

**Who can use it?**

> GiantSwarm deploys prometheus-agent to all workload clusters, in the `kube-system` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GiantSwarm deploys prometheus-agent to all workload clusters, in the `kube-system` namespace.
But customers may want to install their own `prometheus-agent` and manage their own `servicemonitors` and `podmonitors`, to send metrics to their own remote `prometheus` instance.
```

Reviewer 2: 👍🏻

```yaml
# values.yaml
global:
  remoteWrite:
  - name: "remotewrite" 
    url: "http://$BASEDOMAIN/write"

prometheus-agent:
  serviceMonitor:
    enabled: true
    relabelings:
    # Add app label.
    - sourceLabels:
      - __meta_kubernetes_pod_label_app_kubernetes_io_name
      targetLabel: app
    # Add instance label.
    - sourceLabels:
      - __meta_kubernetes_pod_label_app_kubernetes_io_instance
      targetLabel: instance
    # Add node label.
    - sourceLabels:
      - __meta_kubernetes_pod_node_name
      targetLabel: node
    # Add team label.
    - sourceLabels:

>       - __meta_kubernetes_pod_label_application_giantswarm_io_team

Reviewer: This label look quite giantswarm-specific.
A customer who would install a prometheus-agent to scrape his own services/pods would probably not care about the giantswarm team labels.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove it yes

      targetLabel: team
```

### Conflicts 

To avoid conflicts with other prometheuses deployed to same cluster,
you can use selectors for `ServiceMonitors` and `PodMonitors`:

```yaml
prometheus-agent:
  serviceMonitorSelector:

>     cluster: "c8dfg"

Reviewer: I don't think selecting by cluster name would solve conflicts between giantswarm and customer's servicemonitors.
And if it does, it's not very intuitive.
I would rather push for something like `organization: giantswarm` vs `organization: lovelycustomer`.

Reviewer 2: I'm not really sure that we have a label that differenciate our apps vs theirs. That is probably something we should RFC

Reviewer 2: Asking internally: https://gigantic.slack.com/archives/CLPMFRVU6/p1667820439946089

Author: I'm not sure about `organization: giantswarm` 
but that's fine.

```yaml
# values.yaml
global:
  remoteWrite:
  - name: "remotewrite" 
    url: "http://$BASEDOMAIN/write"

prometheus-agent:
  serviceMonitor:
    enabled: true
    relabelings:
    # Add app label.
    - sourceLabels:
      - __meta_kubernetes_pod_label_app_kubernetes_io_name
      targetLabel: app
    # Add instance label.
    - sourceLabels:
      - __meta_kubernetes_pod_label_app_kubernetes_io_instance
      targetLabel: instance
    # Add node label.
    - sourceLabels:
      - __meta_kubernetes_pod_node_name
      targetLabel: node
```

### Conflicts 

To avoid conflicts with other prometheuses deployed to same cluster,
you can use selectors for `ServiceMonitors` and `PodMonitors`:

```yaml
prometheus-agent:
  serviceMonitorSelector:

>     organization: giantswarm

Reviewer: Let's wait for feedback on @QuentinBisson 's slack thread to chose the label name.
But I think this documentation should be customer-oriented, so we should show a value that reflects what the customers would set. Like `organization: my-org`.

Reviewer 2: @mcbenjemaa can you change `organization: giantswarm` to `organization: my-org`? Then we can merge
